---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Configuration

Atek stores its core configuration in `~/.atek/config.json`. The file includes the following user-configurable values:

- `domain` The domain which Atek is hosting under. Defaults to `localhost`. If you are hosting on a server with a DNS entry, set `domain` to that value.
- `port` The port which Atek's host environment should use. Defaults to `80`.
- `coreServices` An array of services which should be loaded during startup. The values of the array items include:
  - `sourceUrl` The URL of the service's code package. Required.
  - `id` The ID the service should use. Auto-generated by default.
  - `port` The port the service should listen to. Auto-generated by default.
  - `desiredVersion` A semver range pinning the version to install. Defaults to latest.
  - `config` A key-value map of environment variables to pass to the service.
- `mainService` The service providing Atek's primary UI.

There are also some values which are saved to config by the active process and should not be modified:

- `serverDbId` The ID of the server's primary ADB database.
- `systemAuthTokens` An array of authentication tokens used to make calls to Atek's APIs. Used by the command-line and tests suite.

Most of the time, you should only ever need to set `domain` and possibly `port`, and possibly neither.

Here is an example config file with the defaults included:

```javascript
{
  "domain": "localhost",
  "port": 80,
  "coreServices": [
    {"id": "core.hyper-daemon", "sourceUrl": "https://github.com/atek-cloud/hyper-daemon"},
    {"id": "core.adb",          "sourceUrl": "https://github.com/atek-cloud/adb"},
    {"id": "core.lonestar",     "sourceUrl": "https://github.com/atek-cloud/lonestar"}
  ],
  "mainService": "core.lonestar",
  "serverDbId": /* a 64-character hex string */,
  "systemAuthTokens": [ /* a hex string */ ]
}
```